# Exercise answers
## Check the logs for something strange. Try to know where those messages come from. No need to solve it, only get the origin. (0.5 points)

2025-11-03 15:44:58 INFO     song --> 3 - url --> https://acordes.lacuerda.net/abel_pintos/3.shtml
2025-11-03 15:45:08 INFO     song --> 5 Siglos Igual - url --> https://acordes.lacuerda.net/abel_pintos/5_siglos_igual.shtml


In the logs, there are songs with numeric titles, such as “3” and “5 Siglos Igual”.
The song “3” is especially unusual because its title is only a number.
This can cause issues when saving the file, which might overwrite other files or be hard to handle in later steps.

These log messages come from the songs.py module, inside the function that loops through the artist’s songs and downloads them.
They are generated by the following line of code:
logging.info(f"song -> {song.title} - url --> {song.url}")

I decided to delete those lines so they don't cause problems. I delete them directly from the catalog. 


##  Propose any change to make the code cleaner, clearer and better. (0.5 points).
One way to improve the code is to make it cleaner and more organized by reducing repetition and structuring it more clearly. For example, some repeated tasks could be moved into separate helper functions. This would make the code easier to read, understand, and maintain, while also making it simpler to extend or improve in the future. Overall, these changes would increase clarity and make the project more professional.